Remove separate root path config (#2943)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/91-migrations.md

## `next`

> - Remove `WOODPECKER_ROOT_PATH` and `WOODPECKER_ROOT_URL` config variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `WOODPECKER_ROOT_PATH` and `WOODPECKER_ROOT_URL` config variables. Use `WOODPECKER_HOST` with a path instead
```
